hey guys what's up its ijevin how's
everybody doing i'm back with some more
minecraft this is actually another
glitch i just found like a second ago i
was playing and i was uh oh that's a
cool looking biome over there anyway so
I was um I was trying to figure out
something in the in Minecraft I was just
messing around and I had chopped down
some wood and I put into my crafting
square as I was going to give myself
planks and i pressed escape because i
realized i didn't need to do that yet
and once I did that this dropped but um
what had happened is it actually gave me
planks so what I've done is I start a
new world or I the old world was when I
got the planks but this one I was like
you know I'm gonna chop this down and
see so what this does is anything that
breaks down into a material say would
melon gives you seeds pumpkin gives you
seeds things like that I'm trying to
think of anything else I can I'm not
sure I know leaves do or leaves don't
give you anything any kind of block that
you have to craft basically anything
that can packs you can do this with so
what we're going to do is go ahead and
show you how to do this basically you
just put this into the crafting square
just like so and it's gonna you don't
even have to click in then you just
press escape so it's gonna drop your
original piece of wood but you have four
wooden planks in the crafting square
itself now I'm not exactly sure if
anybody has actually found this or not I
really didn't bother to look I'm not
claiming that I'm the first one because
I've never the first one to find
anything so but anyway so that's what
the wood works with diamond blocks as
well so now we gave ourselves 9 diamonds
and so if you can actually manage to
find yourself 9 diamonds you can get
infinite again same with gold there we
go and we'll go ahead do that again I
works with any square in the crafting
bench and I'm really surprised that I
actually just stumbled upon this this is
what the one of those like dumb luck
things I'm just like oh hey look alright
so there's all those items that was that
it's pretty simple blood should it's
um it's it's amazing how some of these
things is kind of slipped through you
know I'm pretty glad I found it though
so I'm trying to think of I'm pretty
sure read we were i'm going to go or the
sugarcane work to gonna try that real
fast thanks for the bridge okay i'm kind
of curious if it works with things that
um have you have to craft so do that and
we do have the sugar so it did work with
sugarcane um the next thing i want to
try is actually you know what first
we'll use the stuff that we made will
make a crafting bench there we go and
then we'll make ourselves a diamond pic
real fast there we go and the only
reason I'm trying I'm not trying it with
this crafting square cuz i'm pretty sure
that doesn't work but yeah and think it
would work because you'd have to be in
the crafting square what I'm going to
try is like something that only uses two
or they are main Moodle for crafting
square so I'm gonna collect some coal
ice all over here if I can find it all I
was all the way back in there will go
back in there or thoughts not a big deal
yes yes I know that jevon is bad mining
dirt with a diamond pickaxe you think
there would be some stone down there
Jesus I'm kind of curious to see if this
will work with any item so we have our
torches here so I threw that down that
it does work with torches so anything
that you just put in there if it does
crap so knowing that you could make
trying to think you can make infinite um
infinite Pistons infinite just anything
that crafts really well not Pistons
because they'll have to be in that
square mushroom stew any kind of wood
any kind of food I know
wouldn't work I'm just trying to think
if you wanted to make colored wool you
could do that because i'm pretty sure i
need to find i would need to get some
died but i'm pretty sure if we get this
wool that that's how we would make it so
take that I don't have any all I can use
a dandelion yellow there so basically
anything that craps is a graphical
glitch um so let's take this put this up
here and then we'll put this in with
that throw that down and now we have
yellow wool so with this glitch you can
pretty much just about get anything you
want so I hope you enjoyed this video
guys if you did don't forget to leave a
rating below I'm absolutely actually
going to ask you guys to favorite this
and let me know if anybody else has
found this because i really i didn't
bother to really look but anyways so
like I said don't forget to like him
favorite guys this is ijevin peace